US47787-Included OS service image resource and update existing resource with new client (#117)
HewlettPackard/hpegl-metal-terraform-resources: examples/resources/hpegl_metal_project/README.md

  - `volume_capacity` - Maximum aggregated volume capacity in TiB
  - `private_networks` - Maximum number of private networks
  - `instance_types` - (Optional) Map of instance type ID to maximum number of hosts that can be created with that instance type

> - `permitted_images` - (Optional) List of OS service images ID allowed to be used by compute instance of this compute group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `permitted_images` - (Optional) List of OS service image IDs allowed to be used by compute instances of this compute group
```
